README.md, before:

# Python Workshops


## Background

This repository is created and maintained by [GIS and Data Labs](https://www.lib.umd.edu/research/services/gis) at the University of Maryland Libraries.

## Repository

This repository contains the codes, handouts, and slides for pedagogical purposes related to Python Programming language.

In case you may have attended one of Python workshops or have stumbled onto this repository, please feel free to use these resources under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](LICENSE).

## Contact

- Please feel free to email your questions, doubts, feedback or comments at [gisdata@umd.edu](mailto:gisdata@umd.edu)
- You can also request a specific data consulation for your research project by filling our [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfkumtTIIvuvo7iQqKdQkoM04ukmIxp_duq2hvNcX75am67sw/viewform). Once submitted, someone from the team will reach out to you. Please send a note on above email in case of time sensitive request.


### Happy Learning!

Last Updated: 2/21/2023 by Abhimanyu Hans

Commit message:

Added Python Intro slides link

README.md, after:

# Python Workshops


## Repository

Please find the slides for Python Introduction workshop following [this link](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hGHkuhCtP_j8sbeUyGnNPVWFSX61jftsG9xWvb-aZTg/edit?usp=sharing).

This repository contains the codes, handouts, and slides for pedagogical purposes related to Python Programming language.

In case you may have attended one of Python workshops or have stumbled onto this repository, please feel free to use these resources under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](LICENSE).

## Contact

- Please feel free to email your questions, doubts, feedback or comments at [gisdata@umd.edu](mailto:gisdata@umd.edu)
- You can also request a specific data consulation for your research project by filling our [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfkumtTIIvuvo7iQqKdQkoM04ukmIxp_duq2hvNcX75am67sw/viewform). Once submitted, someone from the team will reach out to you. Please send a note on above email in case of time sensitive request.

## About Us

This repository is created and maintained by [GIS and Data Labs](https://www.lib.umd.edu/research/services/gis) at the University of Maryland Libraries.

### Happy Learning!

Last Updated: 2/21/2023 by Abhimanyu Hans
